back now on to the NFC Championship game
this game was gonna be near and dear to
my heart because the Eagles are playing
they're traveling to Arizona which I
don't think anybody saw you have a four
versus six here I the one the one thing
I keep bringing up and no one seems to
be addressing is how the Cardinals
defense was the weak spot coming in and
in the two games they've played their
defense is played out
dandy yeah if reminiscent in my opinion
of the Colts from the Colts made a run
to the super to help eventually one yeah
everyone was harping on the Colts in
their defense they can't stop anybody
bah-bah-bah do that then all sudden you
found out who Bob Sanders was yeah
they're very similar team for what the
Colts were pass happy team limited run
game and a defensible suspect all year
and decided you know what three games
left we play hard and you know it's a
up thing is the Eagles are gonna
beat him well now the Colts then the
Colts went to the the when the Colts
went to the Super Bowl they faced the
Bears which are very much very kind of
site terrain which all three teams other
teams are in there right now with all
that being said I think if the manage
somewhat they can blanket up Larry
Fitzgerald
I don't think Arizona's running game to
get it done on that against that defense
I think if a soggy sandwich sent him a
bacon keep Larry Fitzgerald from
having a big day I think the Eagles can
win together
blitzing that they'll be the way the way
you keep Fitzgerald from having a big
day and that's that's no quarterback in
the NFL can throw from his back and Kurt
Warner like any other quarterback does
not want to be it does not like to get
it and as soon as you hit him he gets a
little yeah yeah so it's gonna fall back
on Westbrook who has had a miserable two
games due to a knee and then gradually
ball Coulter's been showing up it just
shows that the Eagles are just need one
more back yeah the buckles are not the
answer but you know that's played good
oh this great fitness is you know season
best thing he basically had a standard
year this year now I think if they if
they Eagles can manufacture drives thank
time-consuming you know and we're done
their defense you know like a West Coast
offense where they're just doing a quick
outs to Westbrook to the tight ends
short passes and they come in darlings
being mobile and they can
down the field and give that defensive
fit then I think they can probably name
if they fall behind with the Cardinals
and something they start going vertical
on the Eagles and for some reason the
Eagles let the receivers get behind them
they give up a lot of points I think the
Eagles gonna be that could be a
problem because I mean the car the
Cardinals will built built to play ahead
just like the cold
yeah the Colts are great if they're
leading by seven or right ten I'll have
some kind of lead right but the Colts
playing from behind and the Cardinals
playing from behind they're not built
fear does not do it you're not can't do
it with all that being said man I'm
gonna have to go with the Eagles and I'm
going with the Eagles one because I like
to see them go I wouldn't mind seeing
Arizona go to because they've never been
but I picked the Eagles to go they're
just super bored to begin of the season
and everybody kind of lost hope include
your ass but I never thought you gave up
with the and I'd like to
see George have a big smile on his face
and see a sports girl man you know
saying I'm kind of like jumping on
George's fan like but I like to see the
Eagles going I yeah I would like to see
that I say Eagles and Ravens yeah
Allison right personally because I think
we stand a better chance of beating the
Ravens and we do the Steelers I would
this deal it just have our number
yeah just been giving us the business
but you guys got in this year yeah yeah